Add hook to allow for custom webhook post-processing (#4466)
woocommerce/woocommerce-gateway-stripe: changelog.txt

*** Changelog ***

= 9.8.0 - xxxx-xx-xx =

> * Add - Adds a new action (`wc_stripe_webhook_processed`) to allow hooking into the webhook processing flow

Author: Suggestion: it may be worth specifying a more user-oriented goal in this entry.
```suggestion
* Add - Adds a new action (`wc_stripe_webhook_processed`) to allow additional actions to be taken for webhook notifications from Stripe
```
